The End
I'd like to tell you about a woman I hate.
Good day, sir.
It's a good day.
It's not good to leave your house in this cold.
There are many men in the house.
I feel sorry for her.
I see.
Go on.
Hey, Gonsuke.
Light the candle.
Yes.
I'm asking you.
What are you asking?
Light the candle.
Is it better to light it?
You idiot.
Who told you to light the candle?
You light the candle.
No, I light the candle.
Then, you light the candle in the candle.
I want you to light the candle.
Can you say something nice?
I'm saying this because you're wrong.
I was quiet because I had a guest.
Gonsuke, light the cigarette.
If you light the cigarette, it will burn.
I want you to light the cigarette in the cigarette.
Don't be stupid.
I'll take the cigarette.
It's not yours.
It's mine.
Is it yours?
You guys are crazy.
I'm leaving.
Thank you.
Good-bye.
It's cold.
It's not good to go on a cold night like this.
What are you saying?
Light the candle.
Good evening.
Hey, are you asleep?
Wake up.
Is there such a way to wake me up?
The rice cooker is here.
Don't say anything.
Yes.
Good evening.
What are you doing here?
I'm leaving.
Did you fight with your wife?
No, I didn't fight.
I told my wife to sleep at my place tonight.
I have a man's hand.
You're lonely.
It's not good to sleep with a man.
I told her to go.
I came out.
Did your wife tell you to sleep?
Yes.
She's a very grateful woman.
She's crying.
It's normal for a woman to sleep with her husband.
She's crying because she's been hit by her husband.
I have a favor to ask of you.
What is it?
I have no other request.
Would you like to sleep at my place tonight?
I don't have any other request.
I don't want to be laughed at by the world.